The Joe Rogan experience. So what, what are you doing? You run for president?
Uh, yes. What made you decide to do that?
Aren't you busy enough clothing company,
successful rapper family, man.
Uh, it was something that God put on my heart back in 2015, uh,
a few days before the MTV awards, it just, it hit me in the shower.
And when I first thought of it,
I just started like laughing to myself and
it like all this, like joy came over my, over my body,
this through, through my soul. And I could just, I just felt that energy,
I felt that spirit. So then two days later, I, uh,
accepted the Michael Jackson video Vanguard awards at the, uh, MTV awards. And,
um, I, instead of performing, you know,
my array hit songs, you know, I gave,
uh, just my perspective on award shows,
but always I knew at the end I was going to tell people I'm running for office,
I'm running for president in 2020. And, you know, just to have the,
it even took heart to say it in that context.
And people were just like, oh, like their, their minds are blown.
And then I was hanging out with different,
I had different friends that were, you know,
some people in the music industry, some people tech, elites,
different things like that. And they would, um, really,
you know, they just really took it as a joke.
And they're telling me all these millions of reasons why I couldn't run for
president. I remember running into Oprah two days or one day after that.
And she's like, yo, I want to be president. And, you know, people just,
you know, thought projecting putting this on you. And I remember saying,
uh, one of my responses to one of the people that one of the naysayers was
well, I'll definitely be a billionaire by that time. Uh,
and not that that's a reason why someone should become president,
but it's to say, you know, at that time I was,
uh, 50, around $50 million in debt.
And I knew I had the confidence that I would be able to turn that
around. And now, you know,
just going into, I want to just give you a, uh,
that that's a clear answer.
I know what you're saying. I don't, I don't want to go off on two of them. No,
it's okay. It's yeah, we will. You basically saying,
as you know how to set goals, you know, to achieve them,
but what was Oprah's rationale when she said you don't want to be the president?
Like, what was she saying?
Because remember when people were saying that that's our next president,
remember when Trump got elected, you know, they showed Oprah and they were sat.
There was, I believe it was like NBC tweeted it. This is our next president.
Like they, a lot of people wanted Oprah to want to run.
They felt like if Trump could win, Oprah could win.
When I saw Trump win, I was like, see, you can win.
I was I'm you can win. If you're coming from outside of politics.
I was young when Ronald Reagan was in, was president. I don't remember.
Reagan was the governor of California before he was the president.
He'd actually proven himself as a politician.
Which is an idea that people have thrown out at me too,
to be governor of California, to be governor of Califia.
So anyone's better than this guy. Just do this. Go ahead,
start there. Yeah. In the shot, open things up again, man.
But I think, I think my calling is to be, uh, I,
I believe that my calling is to be the leader of the free
world. Not, not, I mean, if it's in God's plan,
that part of my path is to be the governor, then that's fine.
But my calling is to be the leader.
So when you say this,
like when you say your calling is to be the leader of the free world, what,
what does that mean to you? Does that, does it mean,
do you have a plan that's different than the plans that have been implemented
before? Does it mean that you have ideas kind of plan,
like the plan to be the leader?
Like what would you do if you were the leader of the fleet of the free world?
Like what would be different about the way you would handle things? Like,
if that's your plan, like, what is it about that, that, that is your calling?
Like why, why would you want to do that? Like,
what do you want to do differently if you were the leader of the freeway?
Well, um,
well there was a couple of questions in there and you said, why is, you know,
why is that your calling there's people who will say to me, you know,
they'll say, well,
music is bigger than politics are more influential than politics or celebrities
are more influential. And, uh, I thought of it,
like if I was a pastor of a hundred thousand person church,
but then I was also a, uh, a captain, a sailor,
and then we went to war and I said, I'm gonna man,
this ship that has a thousand people, a thousand soldiers on it,
because God is calling me to take this
position, even though I'm the pastor for,
you know, however big my audience is in hip hop, uh,
in a music or as a, just an influencer celebrity, uh,
or just as a dad and a husband and my house,
the world is like,
there couldn't be a better time to put a visionary in the,
in the captain's chair. Um,
and that's not to say we haven't had visionaries B uh,
before I'm not coming here to down any of the other, uh,
I'm not here to down Trump down Biden. Uh,
I'm just here to express why, um,
uh, why God has called me to take this position.
Sure. When you say a visionary, you, you think of yourself in terms of like,
as an artist, as a creator, as someone,
someone who has these thoughts that they manifest in terms of music and
art creation, design, the things that you do, that's why you,
you think you're different as a, as a visionary.
Yeah. I think that, I think I'm different from,
I mean, we're all different, so I'm definitely different from everybody.
We're all different from each other. I mean,
I do bump into people that seem to be like the same character inside of
it. It's like, I've seen people before. Yeah. People play the same role roles.
Like, Hey, I just met you before.
You're just like the head of this company over here.
And you're the same kind of person. Um, yeah. You know, I mean,
I manifest, I see things, uh,
I'm a great leader because I listen and I'm empathetic and
I feel the entire earth. And I feel us as a,
as a species, as the human race, like I do. Sometimes people think that,
uh, utopia as almost like a negative word that's, that's like,
we couldn't have that, but I do believe in world peace.
Like the people hit me with the, one of the things Oprah said is, she said,
you gotta bone up on your foreign affairs. I remember this like,
cause it's Oprah talking.
So I'm gonna remember a lot of what the conversation was,
but that's the first thing she said was, you know, uh,
foreign affairs and foreign policies. Like just,
I think the reason why I say leader and not politician or not even
specifically a president is, uh,
this is the time, you know, when, when the constitution was written,
that was an innovation.
Now the world is innovated all
around our political system.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify.